Notes here!!!

New knowledge of cloud:
1. Most websites contain static and dynamic elements to provide the best user experience.
Cloud Applications are similar to Websites in that they request content that a server returns.

2. Cloud Apps are built to work seamlessly with a Cloud-based back-end infrastructure, Cloud-based
data storage and data processing, and other Cloud services, making them very scalableand very resilient.

The diffs (Front-end vs Back-end):
The front-end deals with everything that happens at the client-side – everything the usercan see and interact with.
The back-end deals with everything that happens on the server before the code and data aresent to the client.
The back-end coding usually handles the logic and functionality that make the website orapp work, and the authentication processes that keep data secure.
Back-end developers may also work with relational or noSQL databases, even collaborating withdatabase administrators in bigger projects.

Examples for code editors and IDEs include Sublime Text, Atom, Vim, VS Code, Visual Studio,
Eclipse and NetBeans.

Front-end of a website:
Hypertext Markup Language (HTML), Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) and JavaScript
More languages like CSS: Learner Style Sheets (LESS) and Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets (SASS).
Less.js is a JavaScript tool that converts the LESS styles to CSS styles.
Angular frameworks allow websites to render the HTML pages quickly and efficiently.
React.js is a JavaScript library that builds and renders components for a web page.
React.js only helps build and drop components into a page.

A cloud application developer’s workbench includes:
Version Control, Libraries, and Frameworks.
Version control systems keep track of what changes were made when and by whom and resolveany conflicts between changes.
Libraries are collections of code, like standard programs and subroutines, that you can use within your code.
jQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies Dom manipulation.
Email-validator is a small library that checks an email address is correctly constructed
and valid.
Apache Commons Proper is a repository of reusable Java components.
Frameworks provide a standard way to build and deploy applications.
AngularJS is a JavaScript-based framework for dynamic web applications.
Vue.js is a JavaScript framework focused on the user interface.
Django is a framework that uses Python for web development.

More Application Development Tools：
CI/CD, Build Tools, Packages, and Package Managers.
Continuous Integration (CI) ensures that all the code components work together smoothly.
Continuous delivery (CD) begins where CI ends. The CI process automatically builds and tests
your code, then CD deploys all code changes in a build to a testing or staging environment.
Some examples of build tools are:
Webpack – a module bundler for JavaScript
Babel – a JavaScript compiler
Some commonly used package managers for each of the major platforms are listed here:
On Linux - Debian Package Management System (DPKG) and Red Hat Package Manager (RPM)
On Windows - Chocolatey
On Android - Package Manager
On MacOS - Homebrew and MacPorts
Here are some examples of package managers for popular languages:
For Node.js/Javascript - npm
For Java - Gradle and Maven
For Ruby - RubyGems
For Python - Pip and Conda

A back-end developer creates and manages all the resources that are needed to respond to
the requests that the user makes through the client.
